Analysis Report 1: NEON Small Mammal Data
================
Don Francisco
3/15/2018

# Introduction

Delete this placeholder text, and replace it with your introduction
text. You should include background on the NEON project including proper
citations (e.g. (Thorpe et al. 2016)), the sets of sites you are
comparing, and other relevent background information related to your
specific hypotheses.

# Methods

Describe where the data came from, including how they were collected in
the field (information is in the pdf file in the data folder), some
information about those sites and why you chose them, and how you are
analyzing them (e.g. using R to visualize the results and the
statistical tests you will use).

# Results

Add a number of code chunks in the Results section. These should read
in, subset and plot the data as needed (no need to save any figures to
pdf, since they will be put into the rendered document when you click
‘knit’), and, for any hypotheses that you want to test, an appropriate
statistical test. You should have at least 5 figures and/or tables in
this section, which you use to test your hypotheses against the dataset.

# Discussion

Discuss the results you found. In the context of what you know about the
site/sites and the predominant types of vegatation in those locations.
Think also about the community dynamics of the mammal community at each
of the sites, in the context of what you know about different types of
species interactions, food webs, trophic transfer, etc.

# Sources Cited

<div id="refs" class="references">

<div id="ref-thorpe2016introduction">

Thorpe, A. S., D. T. Barnett, S. C. Elmendorf, E.-L. S. Hinckley, D.
Hoekman, K. D. Jones, K. E. LeVan, C. L. Meier, L. F. Stanish, and K. M.
Thibault. 2016. Introduction to the sampling designs of the national
ecological observatory network terrestrial observation system. Ecosphere
7.

</div>

</div>
